happy death day this movie was released
in 2017 so let's start the explanation
at the starting of the story we see a
girl who is named tree and she wakes up
in carter's room tree was a college
student and last night she was in a
party for too long as she was drunk she
went into carter's room with him tree
was having a headache so she asked
carter for some medicine at the time her
father called her but she ignored the
call then we get to know that today was
tree's birthday and it was the 18th of
september after taking medicine tree
left from carter's room to her hostel
while going to her hostel she saw
different kinds of people doing
different kinds of things amongst them
tree saw a guy named tim who has dated
tree once but tree ignored him at last
tree reached her hostel room lori gave
her a cupcake and wished her a happy
birthday and we saw that tree had no
interest in celebrating her birthday and
she throws away the cupcake that lori
gave her after that day we see tree in
the hospital tree went there to meet a
married professor named gregory laurie
and gregory's wife always suspected that
tree and gregory had an affair that
night tree was going to attend a party
and saw a guy in a mask who was wearing
tree's college jacket and we saw that
masked guy was following tree and while
crossing a tunnel the masked guy
attacked tree and finally stabbed her
with a knife tree died and discovered
herself on carter's bed and strangely
the things happening in tree's life had
already happened in her past life like
she was in carter's room and carter said
the exact same thing that he told her
earlier and tree saw the same people
doing the same different things like
they did earlier not just that the day
was monday and the date was also the
18th of september it was like this day
was a reset to tree's life like a video
game tree started to think that she came
into the same day as yesterday then we
figured out that tree's mom's birthday
was on the same day after her mom died
she stopped celebrating her birthday
tonight tree had to attend a party and
to save her life from the killer she
went through another road and reached
the party after she reached the party
she gets to know that it was her
surprise party and everyone was having
fun there in that party we saw that mass
killer who came to the party and killed
one of tree's friends and attacked tree
tree tried her best to escape from the
killer but the killer killed her again
successfully and at the time we saw tree
waking up from carter's bed and the day
was reset again and then we saw trees so
much worried in carter's room and she
escaped from there like crazy and came
back to her hostel room tree sealed her
room so that the killer can't come in
but unluckily the killer was inside her
room and killed her again exactly then
she wakes up from carter's room again
the day was reset again every time the
day reset no one could remember anything
except for tree trees started to get
frustrated for living in the same but
carter couldn't believe her yet tree
tries to make carter believe her if all
of this is true then tree has a lot of
lives so she can list the name of all
the suspects to find out who is killing
her every time and if she lives somehow
then she could get out of this time loop
tree like this idea in the pre-scene of
the cinema we saw a tree following every
suspects doing these she died many times
but every time she dies the day resets
in this period tree gets to know some
facts like tim was gay and daniel was
not her killer and many more facts like
these one day tree went unconscious in
carter's room and carter took her to the
hospital where gregory was looking after
tree he said that after scanning tree's
body the scanned images says tree has so
many deep cuts inside her body not just
this gregory also said if a normal
person had this much of cuts inside
their body they couldn't live listening
to this tree understood that every time
she dies her body is getting wounded
from the inside for this she's getting
weak day by day if tree can't find her
killer anytime soon then if she dies one
more time she can't get up or live
anymore thinking to these she ran away
from the hospital but the killer still
manages to follow her somehow stealing
gregory's car she was able to escape
this time from the killer after that the
killer started to follow her with
another car and finally he killed her
inside of a police car with fire but
tree wakes up again but this time she
was too weak and she told everything to
carter she tried to make him understand
everything because carter must have
forgotten everything that happened while
talking to carter in a restaurant tree
saw the news about a killer named toomes
toombs killed six girls and was admitted
into college campus hospital and tree
thinks he is the actual killer of her
then she left for the hospital where
toombs was in police custody but before
tree reached there tombs had already
killed the police and he was free then
the masked man was tombs and he attacked
tree again and tried to kill her but
carter went there to save tree and then
tombs kills carter then tree hit tombs
with a crowbar and made him unconscious
then she thought if she kills him then
she won't die and the day won't get
reset so carter won't die tree fell in
love with carter and she wanted carter
to live so she decided to suicide by
hanging herself so that the day would
reset and carter will live after tree's
death the day was reset and she woke up
from carter's bedroom tree was so happy
that finally she found out who was the
killer and she got back the love of her
life that day tree behaved so well with
everyone and dismissed the affair with
gregory so that she could start over a
new life tree also met her dad whom she
never saw since her mom died tree
apologized to her father and that night
with full preparation tree went to tombs
and finally she killed tombs at the end
she ate the cupcake with carter that her
roommate laurie made and she started
thinking that the next day will be
tuesday and the date will be the 19th of
september but surprisingly things
doesn't go as planned yes you guys got
it right tree's day gets reset again she
got frustrated again and went to her
hostel there laurie gave a cupcake to
her and see in the cupcake lori
understand that the last night she died
while sleeping because the cupcake was
poisoned and none other that laurie
wanted to kill tree every time tree
didn't eat the cupcake so lori wearing
the kid mask started killing her every
time toombs was a patient since laurie
worked in the same hospital she gave
drugs to tombs so that he tried to kill
tree last time tree kills tombs and ate
the poison cake made by lori
as a result she died while sleeping
laurie said she likes professor gregory
but gregory likes tree for this tiny
matter laurie tried to kill tree then
they started fighting with each other
somehow tree managed to make her eat the
poison cupcake that lori made and
finally tree throws her away from the
window and lori dies then the police
came in announced that laurie and tree
was some sort of psycho killer tree said
everything to carter and in the last
scene of the movie we saw tree waking up
from carter's bed when tree woke up she
saw that today was tuesday and the 19th
of september she understood that finally
she has escaped from the time loop and
tree and carter were together then tree
and carter kissed each other and the
movie ends here
to get more exciting movie explanations
like these click on the video on your
screen
and don't forget to let me know how you
feel about today's video and lastly stay
safe stay well thank you